single touch e-bay 2006 for a goal
rather riels so I hope that you
will please and so I hope you
so be well to have started the
presentation of the game could pass
the little hello to caussade am 63 which is
a good friend we are since the age of 7 years
it has always been in the same class
that youtuber symbol has gone to see
his dog is a subscriber see mine that
will make me this video
finally you do what you want
it's not me who works our sins
as I said I do videos
for fun not for the money for
something else
So here is a game was
redeemed she cast yesterday fps multiplayer
so you go on google you type
patch is a game on the internet
but we would really believe
also she was downloaded so after
you will acquire expect to do
show absolutely not
piece
in the name so I 'll go you go
directly your feet you type that this
link he would display in the description
it will be easier for you than
super accurate hands
so that's it then first of all you have
Readership
that's where we state you are
left you and lots of
after you have the cnif when
the inventory the grenades the pistols
but the fast
overcooked fanny has it personally I
will his news to who came out is not
long time
after you have the snipers and the
characters that's the costume I'm using
adobe because it's really
costiou bath
together so after you go back on
see us khaimah for my part I will
choose the oil that is also where
you see I made a bullshit his
riffs ie you are the
salon l'as olemps that you have it going
to be that knives
I am disgusted but it does not matter
it's only to show a little
little game launched melee excuseez
I make you want to show
yes to the range p'tit pot
so that's really a game
excellent for me after there is
really other games that are
best for my brush a good day
of internet you see a unique and there I
will I go the cicc and I do not know if we
their team seeing in the team for
the dailies so has its lane a
little bit at home because I have
dishes the software kies open I am
excuse
I'm just going to find the enemy there in
withdraw a second time for you and
after that I'll stop the video there
so it's just to make the point to
little tutorial I hope it will please
subscribe to the channel if you want
do what you do not want in
intend to stop you from
force yes
So here it is really a weapon quickly
who has the ability to kill fast why
I hope you'll like it and subscribers
go my channel and see you next time
on hair I stop the video here